---
title: 'The Jailer'
description: ''
spells: [
  366377, # World Crusher
  366401, # Blood of Azeroth
  362028, # Relentless Domination
  366408, # Surging Azerite
  366703, # Azerite Radiation
]
---

## Mechanics

::mechanic{name="World Crusher"}
In Mythic, the boss will attack Azeroth with :spell{name="World Crusher"} in Phase 1 at the start of the fight, spawning multiple pools of :spell{name="Blood of Azeroth"} and taking Azeroth down to 37% Health.

These pools need to be soaked in order to heal Azeroth, by standing in a line between the pools and Azeroth. The positioning of this will be explained in detail in the strategy section of the guide.

When soaking a pool, the player who soaks will cause :spell{name="Surging Azerite"} to shoot out of them, latching onto the closest player within 13yd. This will then bounce to the next player and so on so forth. You use this mechanic to chain a line all the way to Azeroth so that the Blood heals her.

When soaking the Blood of Azeroth, players will receive a stack of :spell{name="Azerite Radiation"} for each tick of Surging Azerite that goes through them. The damage they take from Surging Azerite increases with each stack, as does their damage and healing done (3% per stack).

You will need to make 2 teams for this in Phase 1:
- **Melee Team**: Stands with the boss and chains Blood into Azeroth.
- **Ranged Team**: Plays off to the left hand side and chains blood into Azeroth away from the boss (we use 5 players for this). 
::

::mechanic{name="Relentless Domination"}

Testy
::